Cheer up! Tomorrow will be worse.

"Beware of false knowledge; it is more dangerous than ignorance." -George Bernard Shaw

"I hate flowers. I paint them because they're cheaper than models and they don't move." -Georgia O'Keeffe 

"Memory is like an orgasm. It's a lot better if you don't have to fake it." -Seymour Cray

"If I were a rock, I'd iron myself to the wall." -Steveo

"Those who would give up Essential Liberty to purchase a little Temporary Safety, deserve neither Liberty nor Safety." -Benjamin Franklin

"Broadly speaking, the short words are the best, and the old words best of all." -Winston Churchill

"[P]eople in authority will always be inconvenienced by schoolchildren or workers or citizens who are prickly, intelligent individualists - thus, any social system that depends on authority relationships will tend to helpfully ostracize and therapize and drug such `abnormal' people until they are properly docile and stupid and `well-socialized'." -Eric S. Raymond, The Jargon File v4.2

"Geek isn't just a four-letter word, it's a six-figure income."

"Two things have come out of Berkley: Unix and Acid, and we do not believe this to be a coincidence."

"Ceterum autem censeo Carthaginem esse delendam" -Cato the Elder

"Do I contradict myself?
Very well then I contradict myself,
(I am large, I contain multitudes.)"
-Walt Whitman, "Song of Myself"

"Force has no place where there is need of skill."
-Herodotus, Histories, Book 3, Ch. 127.

"Variety is life; uniformity is death."
-Pyotr Kropotkin

"Men passionately desire to live after death, but they often pass away without noticing the fact
 that the memory of a really good person always lives. It is impressed upon the next generation,
 and is transmitted again to the children. Is that not an immortality worth striving for?"
-Pyotr Kropotkin

"You shouldn't let poets lie to you."
-Björk Guðmundsdóttir

"What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? I’ll have you know I graduated top of my class in the Navy Seals, and I’ve been involved in numerous secret raids on Al-Quaeda, and I have over 300 confirmed kills. I am trained in gorilla warfare and I’m the top sniper in the entire US armed forces. You are nothing to me but just another target. I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the Internet? Think again, fucker. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of spies across the USA and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. You’re fucking dead, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and that’s just with my bare hands. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little “clever” comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldn’t, you didn’t, and now you’re paying the price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. You’re fucking dead, kiddo."
-A Navy Seal
